
#### Reports

##### Mean time to Resolve by Incident Type (Last 2 Quarters)

-  <~XSIAM> XDM schema breaking changes, replacing User XDM fields with Identity Fields (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.5).</~XSIAM>
##### New: Shift summary report

- New: Shift summary which includes the last 6 hours open and closed incidents.<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### Mean time to Resolve by Incident Owner (Last 2 Quarters)

-  <~XSIAM> XDM schema breaking changes, replacing User XDM fields with Identity Fields (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.5).</~XSIAM>
##### New: Investigation Summary

- New: A summary report that contains various details such as evidence and investigation time line, investigation team, statistics and more<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### New: Open Incidents

- New: List and statistics of the current open incidents including type and severity distribution and SLA compliance.<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### Unknown severity incidents

-  <~XSIAM> XDM schema breaking changes, replacing User XDM fields with Identity Fields (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.5).</~XSIAM>
##### New: Last 30 days incidents

- New: Last 30 days summary of incidents statistics, followed by a list of all current open incidents.<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### New: Last 24 hours incidents

- New: Last 24 hours summary of incidents statistics, followed by a list of all current open incidents.<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### New: Late Incidents

- New: All the incidents that passed their SLA due date and the incidents that are at risk to soon pass their SLA.<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### Last 7 days incidents

-  <~XSIAM> XDM schema breaking changes, replacing User XDM fields with Identity Fields (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.5).</~XSIAM>
##### New: Daily incidents

- New: Daily summary of incidents statistics, followed by a list of all current open incidents.<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### New: Last 7 days closed incidents

- New: All closed incidents in the last 7 days. Counts of types, severity, SLAs and analysts work, and a list of all closed incidents.<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### Last 24 hours closed incidents

-  <~XSIAM> XDM schema breaking changes, replacing User XDM fields with Identity Fields (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.5).</~XSIAM>
##### New: Critical and High incidents

- New: All critical and high severity incidents that may need the analyst attention.<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 8.9.0).</~XSOAR>
##### Last 30 days closed incidents

-  <~XSIAM> XDM schema breaking changes, replacing User XDM fields with Identity Fields (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.5).</~XSIAM>
